My project was an iron golem which is sort of self explanatory I hope. here is what I did to earn the extra points:

Keep adding animation to most of the other cubes so that the whole creature animates. Try to make the creature move in a natural way. - Runs and swings left arm
Add color using a uniform variable, same as assignment 1. e.g. modify your drawCube(M, color) to take a color parameter so you can set this uniform before drawing the cube. Fix up your creature to be colored nicely. - added eyes and nose
Add a third joint (e.g. not just upper arm and lower arm, now get the hand too). Its the same idea, but really makes sure you have your matrices worked out. - added cone as a hand
Use a non-cube primitive (e.g. cylinder, dodecahedron, torus, cone) for one or more segments. You will likely use a function to generate the triangles in this shape, similar to how you made a circle in the prior assignment, but its ok to specify all the vertices by hand as well if that works for you. - see above one
Add mouse control to rotate your animal. You learned to detect mouse clicks in the prior assignment and you already have rotation control in this assignment. It is sufficient to have simple control, just map x-position to x-rotation and y-position to y-rotation, not necessary for true trackball rotation unless you want to. - added
Add a 'poke' animation sequence. Whenever the user holds shift and clicks, have the animal do a special animation different than the normal animation. for example - cry, or fall down, or explode, or wink. Be creative.  (We are using shift-click since a normal click is likely connected to your rotation. Check on mouseEvent.shiftKey) - speeds up so theres a running animation on poke
Performance at 10fps at least, with a performance indicator on your webpage. If you followed my video your performance stinks, because I didnt worry about how often I reallocated memory, or buffers, or anything like that. One of the lab activities covers some performance hints, but the main idea is to not do things a zillion times that really only need to happen once. You can include the performance indicator from the lab activity or you can just check wall clock time like I did in the videos. This becomes a much bigger issues in Programming Assignment 3, so we're giving it a point here to make sure you are thinking about it. You will probably have to change some functions I suggested making (Bad professor!) Web browsers and platforms differ in performance. The grader will use a common browser like Safari, Firefox, Chrome, but you don't know which.  - added


Disclosure:
I used the lecture videos for all the basic stuff. Used ChatGPT's suggestions for some of the external stuff (like the fps counter) and help on how to write the cone, that's about it.